what is up most you guys watching this
video will probably know me from my main
youtube channel where for many years
this microphone was an iconic piece of
equipment on screen all the time there
were people who made videos making fun
of me and praising me and laughing about
the fact that I was always the guy
holding this this mic
I could even remember I once did a Skype
call with my daughter my daughter is now
five years old she was probably three
years old the hand and in the middle of
the call she said to me I have a
question what is your ball so I was
really known for using this microphone
on camera and I was not known for high
sound quality in my videos I was known
for the iconic appearance of this mic
but I was not getting a lot of email
praising the sound quality neither in my
my videos nor in my podcasts made using
this mic so this is a somewhat famous
Mike called the snowball many youtubers
use it many podcasters use it and many
people try to do a little bit better by
using a pop filter and in this video I'm
going to compare and contrast this to
two other microphones that I've got in
my hands and on site right now this is
the meteor from Samsung so the name of
the microphone is meteor not to be
confused with meteor right that's a
separate mic and the rode mic which i
think is actually pronounced Rueda but
everyone pronounces it rode ro de but it
is not an English name and it's their
USB mic which they now call the NT USB I
think this review will apply to all of
the road low-end USB based microphones
when I'm recording in now so there's
several criteria to consider these mics
are for people who want better sound
quality than they would get with the
microphone that's built into their
computer or built into their camera
built into their phone whether that's
for YouTube videos or Skype
conversations or podcasts or whatever
you're doing but they do not want the
investment or the mess or equipment of
using genuinely high
and sant recording technology because it
also takes up space people once you get
into the you know the the higher quality
sound recording equipment so first and
foremost about this mic about the the
meteor mic if you were picking this out
in a store in a shop i think almost
everyone would choose this mic i didn't
i purchased it on the internet which is
what most of you people are gonna do and
that's probably why you're watching this
video the industrial design and the
aesthetics of this thing are incredibly
appealing so if you just watch you know
when you close up the legs they snap
into position beautifully and they sort
of they don't close too quickly or too
easily the hinge is beautiful the
industrial design is beautiful it
reflects light in a beautiful way even
the feeling of this switch is fantastic
and the way the plug fits into it is
also excellent i mean it's it's
incredibly pleasing in the hand it's
pleasing to the eye it's rugged and
durable in terms of the exterior
aesthetics of the industrial design this
is clearly the winner it's one of the
most pleasing factory-made objects I can
remember buying externally if I could
return this for a refund I would have
done so already the sound quality is not
good enough period and the worst thing
about it is that it's inconsistent so I
think about one recording out of 20 the
sound quality from this was good by
which I just mean good enough and I was
pleased and I was really paying
attention to the distance of the
microphone for my mouth the position of
it relative to the computer you know was
there something behind it causing a
little bit of echo during those test
sessions during my first 20 or 40
recordings with this I was paying very
close attention but the ultimate
judgment of this is very very simply not
good enough I have no idea what the
issues are maybe it's because the the
creator of this Samson they just didn't
figure in a way to fit all the
components into this very small housing
you can see that very very little space
to deal with compared to the amount at
the
volume of air inside the snowball Mike
it is just a very small agra phone but
let me tell you something the decisions
they made do not work this is not a very
simply it is not good enough so gorgeous
design maybe at some point in the future
this will be a brand to watch but in
2018 or 2019 in the sternest words
possible I urge you not to pick up the
Samson meteor and very simply mince the
harshest judgment I can offer on it from
my perspective it is non-functional it
is not a piece of equipment I use or
that I it's a piece of my actively avoid
using I'm gonna try to get some value
out of it by using it as a travel mic
because it is portable but every time I
use it on the road I know will be
frustrated I know will be disappointment
I wish I could return it and get a
refund and I can't
that is my judgment on the Samson meteor
beautiful not functional um I reviewed
that one first because the snowball has
a okay for one thing used to know here
microphones are not durable absolutely
by definition just the passage of time
and use they will get worn out and
stopped working well so over time this
microphone perform worse and worse and
that's okay my opinion is not based on
that fact you probably shouldn't expect
a microphone to last more than three
years not if you're using it regularly
and of course things like dropping the
mic you know impacts the mic are part of
it but it's also just part of the normal
use of Aging in the microphone it's not
it's not impervious to age and wear and
tear in terms of the the components
inside that are expected to be quite
delicate and respond to the sound of
your voice it's supposed to pick up
ultimately very fine vibrations on the
air that's what sound is right so you
can't expect it to last forever however
um this microphone very simply you are
not going to get good performance a
hundred percent of the time but it is
much much better the the hit to miss
ratio was much better infinitely better
if you like then the the Samson meteor
mic I had a lot of experience I've many
hundreds of recordings with this I can't
even estimate cuz I have over a thousand
videos on this YouTube channel and then
I also did podcasts in other formats
than are on YouTube in that huge double
recordings the main thing you really
learn to watch for is the distance of
the microphone to your mouth so this is
in a sense why it is a bad microphone
for YouTube because really to get the
best performance out of it
you both need a pop filter and you do
need the mic to be quite close to your
mouth I believe the official guideline
is 6 inches but you can experiment for
yourself and see when it is that it
really does pick up your voice well and
doesn't have a lot of self noise or or
noise outside of being being picked up
needs to be quite close to your mouth
and I managed this by just holding it
you know to look the east on cam I would
always hold it in my hand so that it was
close to my mouth but wasn't obstructing
the camera in a in a bad way um other
people cope with it in other ways so if
you're doing on camera recordings
whether that's YouTube or Skype in many
ways it kind of is a poor choice
otherwise again very iconic industrial
design the reason why this is so popular
is that for most people it is good
enough but I think most reviewers will
agree with me that it is not objectively
good and in terms of the hit to miss
ratio let's say even 3 times out of 5 I
was satisfied with the sound I think in
the early days that was true and then it
might got worse over time has got worn
out when the sound is poor and you're
really you're just left baffled why did
that recording go poorly you know and
you're looking at for me at least I look
at the distance of the mic though okay
all the little factors surrounding it
that could have resulted the problem and
it's it's frustrating so that's
ultimately what justifies people making
the decision to buy a slightly more
expensive mic so again this is what is
commonly called an English Road ro de
not the correct pronunciation but hey
they're making money so they don't mind
this microphone absurdly is the exact
opposite problem or situation this
microphone gives you significantly
better sound
distance and with any set up the
distance remote like if I record very
close to my mouth or further away this
is a big step up in audio quality from
the other two microphones but guess what
the trade-off is the functionality of
the design the exterior ii setup is
terrible it's very very difficult to get
this to stand in its own tripod it comes
with an asymmetrical tripod just showing
you that on camera now it comes with
this kind of slick looking asymmetrical
tripod that almost induces it to fall
over constantly and this is heavy enough
that having it fall over and slam on its
side or having it fall off your desk and
slam on the floor that's gonna add to
the wear and tear now obviously if you
want to spend several hundred dollars
and have a you know a mount for it a
professional bracket for it there are
ways to compensate for this the size and
shape of the microphone is not suited to
having in your hand the way the plug
fits into the bottom of the microphone
it very much limits what you can do with
it by contrast by the way the the media
right here you can see your USB cable
fits into the back on the side so
there's a lot you can do with it it can
sit flat on its bottom it can be it can
be mounted and cope with in various ways
you could hold this in your hand um the
exterior housing of the rode mic is a
constant source of frustration and
disappointment and if you want to pack
this up and travel with it it is gonna
take up a lot of space in your suitcase
it is not going to be practical to use
at all so guys that's it if you want
what you call a low end USB microphone
relatively inexpensive but that's
genuinely good enough for youtube
podcasting skype 21st century digital
communications and social media one of
the best options you can go for right
now are the USB mics the low end NT USB
mics from rode in terms of audio quality
alone judging just audio quality it is
by far the winner at this price level
however there are other criteria that I
think everyone in their life has to
consider Portability and even just how
well the format works on the surface of
your desk if you're chase today life and
in all of those ways this particular mic
really is a letdown for 2018-2019 that's
my vote I hope that Industrial Design at
all three of these manufacturers
continues to move forward there's a
pretty limited set of criteria they're
working within here in terms of
producing a product that the mass market
wants people who are not professional
musicians not professional radio
broadcasters our needs are modest and
yet in some ways those needs are
flexible and I think it's a struggle for
people in the free market to meet them
at a good enough price point this is my
new channel doing product reviews forage
rhymes with forage you can click on the
links in the description below this
video if you want to see my main youtube
channel or the other stuff i've got
online my name is Alma Zard broadcasting
day from Victoria British Columbia
Canada I am out